{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thank you for downloading this font!\
\
This dingbat font is based upon rilakkuma or relax bear character. The font contains uppercase rilakkuma faces and lowercase rilakkuma ears, that can be used as capital letters and complement lowercases with other fonts like arial bold rounded or vag rounded.\
\
Rilakkuma is copyright (c) to he San-X Corp.,  all rights reserved. Do not distribute without the author's permission.\
\
Use this font for non-commercial use only! Licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution Non-commercial No Derivatives\
license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/).\
\
Have fun and enjoy!\
\
Rafael Salda\'f1a\
feel free to send coments to:\
ikarusmedia@yahoo.com\
or visit:\
http://ikarusmedia.deviantart.com\
\
\
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS:\
\
WINDOWS:\
- In Windows, choose Start > Control Panel\
- Double-click the Fonts folder.\
- Choose File > Install New Font.\
- Locate the fonts you want to install.\
- In the Drives list, select the drive and the folder containing the fonts you want to install.\
- Select the fonts to install. To select more than one font, hold down the CTRL key and click each font.\
\
OSX:\
- Locate the font file you wish to install, and double-click the icon. The Font Book will open and display the font so you can see what it looks like.\
- Click Install Font. \
}